AFÁRÁ Accelerator – Participant Application Questions
Personal Section: in 150 words tell us about yourself 
(Passions, values, family if you wish to share)

Section 1: Applicant Background & Sector Experience
Please describe your professional background in the energy or infrastructure sector.


Include your role, years of experience, and key responsibilities.


Have you developed, executed, financed, or managed an energy or infrastructure project?


Yes / No


If yes, briefly describe up to two relevant projects and your role in each.


Which sector best describes your experience and current project?


Energy (please specify)


Infrastructure (please specify)



Please indicate the specific sub-sector(s) your experience falls under:


Gas


Power generation or transmission


Renewables


Mini-grids or distributed generation


Clean cooking


Roads or rail


Transport or logistics


Ports


Digital or communications infrastructure
Other ( written out response)



Section 2: Business Ownership & Operations
What is the legal name of your company?


In which country is your company registered and headquartered?


What year was the company incorporated?


What percentage of the company do you personally own?



How many other shareholders are there? Do they own up to 25% of the company?



Section 3: Financial Documentation & Compliance
Are you able to provide management accounts or audited financial statements for the past two years?


Yes / No
12. Is your company registered to pay tax?




Section 4: Project Readiness & Development Status
Please describe the energy or infrastructure project you are submitting to AFÁRÁ.


Include location, sector, and current status.


What stage is the project currently at?


Early development


Feasibility completed


Advanced development


Operational with scale-up potential


Which of the following project documents do you currently have?


Business plan


Feasibility study


Financial model


Technical or engineering studies


Implementation or execution plan


Offtake or supply agreements


Permits or approvals in progress
Other (written response)



What is the projected impact of this project? (written response)




Section 5: Support Needs & Project Advancement
What are the main challenges currently limiting the progress of your project?


What 3 major areas of support are you seeking from AFÁRÁ?


Technical feasibility/partnership
Fractional CFO
Fractional COO
Fractional Legal
Project Management Support
Legal
Financial advisory / structuring
ESG or compliance
Corporate Governance
Funding access
Financial modelling support
Other (please specify)


Please outline the key activities required to move your project to the next stage.


What level of funding or investment is required to advance this project?


What is your expected timeline for reaching key milestones over the next 12 to 24 months?



Section 6: Founder Commitment & Peer Support
Are you able to commit time to a six-month accelerator program, including workshops and mentoring sessions?


Yes / No


Are you able to commit to our 3 day immersive, in person event in Lagos Nigeria?

Please describe how you plan to manage this commitment alongside your existing responsibilities.


Are you willing to mentor and support at least two women-owned energy or infrastructure businesses over a three-year period after completing the program?


Yes / No


Why is peer mentorship important to you?




Final Question
Why do you believe AFÁRÁ is the right program for you and your project at this stage?

